oesn't Flozell angel-hair ice cream
castles in the air' and feather canyons
everywhere I've looked at clouds that
way how they only block the Sun rain and
snow on everyone so many things I would
have done but clouds got in my way I've
looked at clouds from both sides now
from up and down and still somehow cloud
solutions under recall I really don't
know
goons and Jews and Ferris wheels is he
dancing wave feel as every fairy tale
comes real I would love that way now
it's just another show you leave them
laughing when you go or if you can let
them know don't give yourself away I
will look at more from both sides now
from Givens taken still somehow close
illusions I I really don't know
his fears of feeling proud say I love
you right out loud dreams on schemes and
service crowds I've looked at life that
way
how old friends are acting the straight
they shake pants they say I've changed
some things lost but something's gained
in living every day I've looked at life
from both sides now from women blues and
still somehow life's illusions I recall
I really don't know